Feature/reword cloud deployment (#1816)
Azure/iotedge-lorawan-starterkit: docs/user-guide/deployment-scenarios.md

![Redundancy](../images/scenarios/scenario-edge-in-cloud.png)

> > In previous versious, we detailled options to perform deployment of IoT Edge in the cloud. Although this is technically still possible, **we strongly discourage it** as it has worse performance than the current alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In previous versions, we detailed options to perform deployment of IoT Edge in the cloud. Although this is technically still possible, **we strongly discourage it** as it has worse performance than the current alternative.
```
